welcome back to hungry lions today
recent example 90 which is sweet gourmand
with mascarpone strawberries the ingredients
of the recipe only 4 egg yolks 4 eggs 200 g
of butter 200 g of sugar 125 g of
flour a packet of yeast
strawberries 250 grams of mascarpone and 180
grams of dark chocolate like
always
I will need two assistants and for
this recipe we have Constantino
the clerk and the spiker simone no
wait up
not waiting for them not only in the Constantine
de simone good that misses by urine
no no no you can survive
let's start the strawberry recipe in Italy
they are the same as there is mark
staderini that we don't take the
chocolate and butter and complained how
but they never go to sugar while we
let's do this wonderful research
sure son seif angels has not arrived
when there is no family romance
then you could benefit asinari 1x i
two then mathematicians
the highest now also sports religion
sport
then here is the premium chocolate yes
puts a sachet of eggs together with the eggs
baking flour the pan
yes no in a town of simone today yes
too rough ticket did
get engaged with those who apologize
half of sofia
there is a sweet boy like this
chocolate and when are background themes like
the bully it must be said that the only famous
Florentine steak or school
because screamed and in a statement
of love in this way
we take the contest we put it one
well buttered baking tray
we return 170 degrees for 20 25 minutes
never scientist never ever cup defense
what resistance
go down to
Oh well
I finished